{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20460\viewh17260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Alt text\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 A good WCAG-compliant alt text should describe what a user would miss if they couldn't see the image. It should not start with "image of" or "picture of". It should be concise but informative.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 1. Houses cover\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-cover-modern-kitchens
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Houses magazine cover featuring a contemporary Auckland kitchen with timber cabinetry, concrete block walls and a large central island. Cover story highlights modern kitchen design.\

\f0\b Caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Magazine cover featuring contemporary New Zealand kitchen design.\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 2. Kitchen hero image (portfolio section cover)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-westmere-kitchen-hero
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Open-plan kitchen with timber cabinetry, concrete block walls, pendant lighting and a stainless steel island bench in a renovated Auckland home, featured in 
\f3\i \strokec2 Houses
\f1\i0 \strokec2  magazine.\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 3. Kitchens in focus. Part 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-kitchens-in-focus-designers-part-1
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Magazine feature showcasing contemporary kitchen projects from New Zealand designers, combining photography, designer profiles and editorial commentary.\

\f0\b caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Opening spread from a 
\f3\i Houses
\f1\i0  magazine \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 of a feature profiling contemporary New Zealand kitchen designers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 4. Kitchens in focus. Part 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-kitchens-in-focus-designers-part-2
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Editorial spread profiling kitchen designers and their projects, featuring residential interiors, photography and expert design insights.\

\f0\b caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Second spread continuing the feature with completed kitchen projects and designer insights.\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 5. Mr Mod profile\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-mr-mod-design-profile
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Feature profile of Christchurch furniture retailers Monica Beaumont and Ross Morrison, paired with photography of mid-century furniture and interior design pieces.\

\f0\b caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Editorial profile of Christchurch furniture retailer Mr Mod.\
\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 6. Notable design products. Part 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-notable-design-products-part-1
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Product showcase featuring outdoor furniture, lighting, tables and home accessories selected for contemporary New Zealand homes.\

\f0\b caption: 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 First spread of a curated product feature showcasing contemporary furniture and home accessories.\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 7. Notable design products. Part 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-notable-design-products-part-2
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Continuation of the 
\f3\i Houses
\f1\i0  magazine, curated collection of contemporary furniture, storage, seating and outdoor products presented in a magazine product feature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Second spread continuing the curated contemporary product feature.\
\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 8. Architectural record awards\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-architectural-record-awards
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Award-winning residential architecture projects presented through large-format photography, project summaries and editorial layouts.
\f0\b \
caption:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Editorial feature showcasing award-winning residential architecture.\
\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 9. Three of a kind awards\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-three-of-a-kind-awards
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Editorial feature highlighting three internationally recognised residential architecture projects through photography and architectural commentary.\

\f0\b caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Editorial feature highlighting three award-winning residential architecture projects.\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 10. Nathan Goldsworthy profile\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-nathan-goldsworthy-profile
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
Profile interview with furniture designer Nathan Goldsworthy, accompanied by a portrait and examples of his contemporary furniture design work.\

\f0\b caption: 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Editorial profile of furniture designer Nathan Goldsworthy.\
\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 11. Westmere refurbishment. Part 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-westmere-refurbishment-part-1
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Opening spread from a 
\f3\i Houses
\f1\i0  magazine feature on the refurbishment of a contemporary Westmere home.\
\

\f0\b caption: 
\f1\b0 \
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 First spread introducing the Westmere kitchen refurbishment.\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 12. Westmere refurbishment. Part 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File:
\f1\b0  
\f2\fs26 houses-westmere-refurbishment-part-2
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b Alt text:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Continuation of the 
\f3\i Houses
\f1\i0  magazine feature, showcasing the refurbished Westmere kitchen with floor plans and project specifications.\
\

\f0\b caption:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Second spread detailing the completed refurbishment and project specifications.\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}